Cool little cat who loves birds, what do you want to do?
Get out of the way, we can still be friends
Just a child
Isn't it a little too much for you to have a hard time with him?
He's not a baby, he's a baby bird's daughter
As long as I can catch him
Kids are kids.
No matter how grand you say it is
He can't change the fact
If the rebels want to kidnap
Children come to the city's organization
It's better to disband
Your first day here.
You have no idea of our difficulties
Don't make excuses for your immaturity
We're all adults.
Don't you know?
Is there no casual success in the world?
I don't care, I have to take him away today
Hey, why don't you understand?
It's useless even if you catch Ma Huayu now
I surrender. I'm a painter
I must still be useful when I go to the Duke's Mansion
Who are you talking to? Don't you understand?
It's all fake
Just to draw you out
He already found out
Humph
As expected of the younger brother of the consort, he is so sharp
How is that possible?
I obviously hid it seamlessly
Right? You don't make people laugh.
No matter how well you hide
I can't stand it. Someone doesn't want you to go back alive